hello and welcome to this crowd
Today is the recipe of the day and
drape needed mango
I will start by cutting metange
the world
the strange dirty sheets are good
cold we're going to flour them slightly for
the leather the foie gras must be well
cold so if it's a little hot place
again in the refrigerator for the
stove and well hot I tend maintained
slice of foie gras
just one minute on each side
it's normal he talks a little bit of
fat like that but it will allow me
then to bring back the gaps
in the wheels of a minute or the return
I get rid
and I'm going to book warm me I
wait for me terroir heats dish but you
that he m in an oven at very very low
temperature the idea it's not about them
roll back
we empty the excess fat and we go
brown the mango pieces
slices to about one centimeter
dance while the mangoes are in
dropping to reach the butter
in a pan and we will brown
the bread of the spices
mangos are ready they will go
join the foie gras in the drawer
at sens, we're going to slacken the veal stock
with a little water we will pour the
balsamic vinegar time after so one
rubs to take off the juices
cooking foie gras and mango on
then add the soy sauce
and the meat juice is allowed to reduce the
sauce a little bit and we're going
proceed to assembly
the gingerbread is well grilled on
place a slice of gingerbread at
breast plate I lay over a
slice of mango
so I add mesclun that will be
perfect to accompany this recipe
so you have to impose a little bit
like that he exulted him had it between
where we can put it gently
on the mango
and we will be able to add a little bit
of sauce like her of vinegar to
inside it's not going to put too much
serve as a salad vinaigrette and if
you want another recipe that is not
click here
you and I have an appointment tomorrow at 11
hours for a new recipe and if
you hang yourself at theniet subscribe to the
chain marmitons as a foie gras service
poly b